year	YEAR            	eb
month	MONTH           	eb
day	DAY             	eb
net_radiation	OUT_R_NET       	eb
net_sw	OUT_SWNET       	eb
net_lw	OUT_LWNET       	eb
incoming_lw	OUT_IN_LONG     	eb
sensible	OUT_SENSIBLE    	eb
latent	OUT_LATENT      	eb
ground_flux	OUT_GRND_FLUX   	eb
energy_error	OUT_ENERGY_ERROR	eb
albedo	OUT_ALBEDO      	eb
aerodynamic_resistance	OUT_AERO_RESIST 	eb
wind	OUT_WIND        	eb
air_temperature	OUT_AIR_TEMP    	eb
surface_temperature	OUT_SURF_TEMP   	eb
evaporation	OUT_EVAP	wb
runoff	OUT_RUNOFF	wb
baseflow	OUT_BASEFLOW   	wb
evap_canopy	OUT_EVAP_CANOP	wb
transpiration	OUT_TRANSP_VEG	wb
evap_bare	OUT_EVAP_BARE	wb
sub_canopy	OUT_SUB_CANOP	wb
sub_snow	OUT_SUB_SNOW	wb
pet	OUT_PET	wb
precipitation	OUT_PREC	wb
rainf	OUT_RAINF	wb
snowf	OUT_SNOWF	wb
water_error	OUT_WATER_ERROR	wb
wdew	OUT_WDEW	wb
soil_liq0	OUT_SOIL_LIQ_0	wb
soil_liq1	OUT_SOIL_LIQ_1  	wb
soil_liq2	OUT_SOIL_LIQ_2  	wb
sm0	OUT_SOIL_MOIST_0	wb
sm1	OUT_SOIL_MOIST_1	wb
sm2	OUT_SOIL_MOIST_2	wb
snow_cover	OUT_SNOW_COVER  	wb
snow_depth	OUT_SNOW_DEPTH  	wb
snow_canop	OUT_SNOW_CANOPY 	wb
swe	OUT_SWE         	wb

